1) Since each subnet corresponds to one Availability Zone and you need 3 AZs for both the internet and intranet applications, you will need 6 subnets.

2) Use Amazon S3 console to restore objects from S3 Glacier Deep Archive & then copy these objects to required S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class.

3) Which of the following mechanism can be used to deny specific IP Address from accessing API Gateway? 
  => Resource Policies
  => AWS WAF 
  
4) The production database should remain active during the migration. You need to monitor the progress of the migration. 
  => AWS Database Migration Service
  => AWS Migration Hub
  AWS Migration Hub is used to track the progress of migrations in AWS.
  AWS Database Migration Service helps you to migrate your On-Premise database to AWS keeping the On-Premise database fully operational during the migration.
  
5) A VPC endpoint enables you to privately connect your VPC to supported AWS services and VPC endpoint services powered by PrivateLink without
requiring an internet gateway, NAT device, VPN connection or AWS Direct Connect connection.

6) Cognito Identity supports guest users for the ability to enter the app and have limited access.

7) AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) helps users to share resources with other AWS accounts or Organizations.

8) Disable verification during initial file transfers & enable it to post the last data transfer.

While transferring a constantly changing database between on-premise servers & EFS using AWS DataSync,
data verification can be disabled during data transfer & can be enabled post data transfer for data integrity checks
& ensure that all data is properly copied between on-premise servers & EFS.

9) Since the database is used infrequently, not throughout the day, and the question requires the MOST
cost-effective storage type, the preferred choice would be EBS General Purpose SSD over EBS provisioned IOPS SSD.

10) ElastiCache is an in-memory solution which can be used in front of a database to cache the common queries
issued against the database. This can reduce the overall load on the database.

11) The most efficient storage mechanism for just storing metadata in Amazon DynamoDB.
Amazon DynamoDB is normally used in conjunction with the Simple Storage service.
So, after storing the images in S3, you can store their metadata in DynamoDB. You can also create secondary indexes for DynamoDB Tables.

12) DynamoDB and ElastiCache are perfect options for storing session data.

13) Use Auto Scaling for the frontend servers.
Use Auto Scaling for the backend instances.
When you see a requirement for scaling, consider the Auto Scaling service provided by AWS. This can be used to scale both the frontend and backend instances.

14) Amazon FSx supports Lustre file systems and users pay for only the resources they use.
The Lustre file system is an open-source, parallel file system that can be used for HPC applications.

15) A Solutions Architect is designing a highly scalable system to track records. These records must remain
available for immediate download for up to three months and then must be deleted. What is the most appropriate decision for this use case?
=> Store the files in Amazon S3 and create a Lifecycle Policy to remove files after 3 months.

16)if scaling not happening on demand then:
Ensure that the right metrics are being used to trigger the scale-out.
Check your scaling policies to see whether more than one policy is triggered by an event.

17) Configure Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) in the instance.

With Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA), users can get better performance if compared with enhanced networking (Elastic Network Adapter) or Elastic Network Interface.

EFA is the most suitable method for accelerating High-Performance Computing (HPC) and machine learning application.

18) Currently, a company makes use of EBS snapshots to back up their EBS Volumes. 
As a part of the business continuity requirement, these snapshots need to be made available in another region. How could this be achieved?
=> Create Snapshot and copy the snapshot to a new region.
=> A snapshot is constrained to the region where it was created. After you create a snapshot of an EBS volume, you can use it to create new volumes in the same region.
ou can also copy snapshots across regions, making it possible to use multiple regions for geographical expansion, data centre migration, and disaster recovery.



