define max spot price and get the instance while currentspotprice<max
if curr>max; then stop(can restart if curr goes low) or terminate your instance
Other startegy: spot block

spot request:
request type: one time || persistent

you can only cancel spot instance requests that are open,active or disabled.
cancelling a spot request does not terminate instances.
how to terminate spot instances? must first cancel a spot request and then terminate the associated spot instances.


spot fleets:
define multiple launch pools
set of spot instances+ (optional) on demand instances
spot fleet stops launching instances when reaching capacity or max cost.


Strategies to allocate spot instances:
lowestPrice: from the pool with the lowest price(cost optimization, short workload)
diversified: distributed across all pools(great for availability, long workloads)
capacityOptimized: pool with the optimal capacity for the number of instances.

gives extra saving using lowestPrice strategy.

Which EC2 Purchasing Option can provide you the biggest discount, but it is not suitable for critical jobs or databases? Spot instance
What should you use to control traffic in and out of EC2 instances? Security Groups
EC2 Reserved Instances can be reserved for 1 or 3 years only.
Compute Optimized EC2 instances are great for compute-intensive workloads requiring high-performance processors 
(e.g., batch processing, media transcoding, high-performance computing, scientific modeling &amp; machine learning, and dedicated gaming servers).
Which EC2 Purchasing Option should you use for an application you plan to run on a server continuously for 1 year? Reserved Instances

Question: You are preparing to launch an application that will be hosted on a set of EC2 instances. This application needs some software installation
and some OS packages need to be updated during the first launch. What is the best way to achieve this when you launch the EC2 instances?
EC2 User Data is used to bootstrap your EC2 instances using a bash script. This script can contain commands such as installing software/packages,
download files from the Internet, or anything you want.

Memory Optimized EC2 instances are great for workloads requiring large data sets in memory.
Storage optimized instances are designed for workloads that require high, sequential read and write access to very large data sets on local storage.

Security Groups can be attached to multiple EC2 instances within the same AWS Region/VPC.

Dedicated Hosts are good for companies with strong compliance needs or for software that have complicated
licensing models. This is the most expensive EC2 Purchasing Option available.

You would like to deploy a database technology on an EC2 instance and the vendor license bills you based on the physical cores and underlying network
socket visibility. Which EC2 Purchasing Option allows you to get visibility into them?  Dedicated hosts



