1) Scaling an EC2 instance from r4.large to r4.4xlarge is called Vertical Scalability.

2) Horizontal scalability: number 

3) Elastic Load Balancers provide a static DNS name. The reason being that AWS wants 
your load balancer to be accessible using a static endpoint, even if the underlying infrastructure that AWS manages changes.

4) ELB Sticky Session feature ensures traffic for the same client is always redirected to the same target (e.g., EC2 instance).
This helps that the client does not lose his session data.
QUES:Your users are complaining about the fact that the website always asks them to re-authenticate when they are moving between website pages. 

5) When using an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to your EC2 instances, the IP address you'll receive requests from will be
the ALB's private IP addresses. To get the client's IP address, ALB adds an additional header called "X-Forwarded-For" contains the client's IP address.

6) When you enable ELB Health Checks, your ELB won't send traffic to unhealthy (crashed) EC2 instances.

7) Network Load Balancer provides the highest performance and lowest latency if your application needs it.

8) Application Load Balancers support HTTP, HTTPS and WebSocket

9) ALBs can route traffic to different Target Groups based on URL Path, Hostname, HTTP Headers, and Query Strings.

10) ALB targets cannot have NLBs.

11) Network Load Balancer has one static IP address per AZ and you can attach an Elastic IP address to it.
Application Load Balancers and Classic Load Balancers have a static DNS name.

12) The following cookie names are reserved by the ELB (AWSALB, AWSALBAPP, AWSALBTG).

13) When Cross-Zone Load Balancing is enabled, ELB distributes traffic evenly across all registered EC2 instances in all AZs.

14) Which feature in both Application Load Balancers and Network Load Balancers allows you to load multiple SSL certificates on one listener?
    :SNI
    
15) Server Name Indication (SNI) allows you to expose multiple HTTPS applications each with its own SSL certificate on the same listener. 

16) Nothing will happen. The Auto Scaling Group can't go over the maximum capacity (you configured) during scale-out events.

17) You can configure the Auto Scaling Group to determine the EC2 instances' health based on Application Load Balancer Health Checks instead
of EC2 Status Checks (default). When an EC2 instance fails the ALB Health Checks, it is marked unhealthy and will be 
terminated while the ASG launches a new EC2 instance.


18) There's no CloudWatch Metric for "requests per minute" for backend-to-database connections.
You need to create a CloudWatch Custom Metric, then create a CloudWatch Alarm.

19) A web application hosted on a fleet of EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Group. You are exposing this application through an Application
Load Balancer. Both the EC2 instances and the ALB are deployed on a VPC with the following CIDR 192.168.0.0/18.
How do you configure the EC2 instances' security group to ensure only the ALB can access them on port 80?

Answer: Add an inbound rule with port 80 and ALB's security group as the source.
This is the most secure way of ensuring only the ALB can access the EC2 instances. Referencing by security groups in rules is an extremely powerful rule 


20) Default Termination Policy for Auto Scaling Group tries to balance across AZs first, then terminates based on the age of the Launch Configuration.
Currently, 3 EC2 instances running in eu-west-2a and 4 EC2 instances running in eu-west-2b. The ASG is about to scale in. Which EC2 instance will get terminated?

answer: in west 2b with the oldest Launch Template Version.

21) define a Scaling Policy that will ensure the average number of connections to your EC2 instances is around 1000.
Answer: Target Tracking Policy

22) For each Auto Scaling Group, there's a Cooldown Period after each scaling activity. In this period, the ASG doesn't launch or terminate EC2 instances.
This gives time to metrics to stabilize. The default value for the Cooldown Period is 300 seconds (5 minutes).


23) A company has an Auto Scaling Group where random EC2 instances suddenly crashed in the past month. They can't troubleshoot why the EC2 instances crash
as the ASG terminates the unhealthy EC2 instances and replaces them with new EC2 instances.
What will you do to troubleshoot the issue and prevent unhealthy instances from being terminated by the ASG?

Answer: Use LifeCycle hooks to pause the ec2 instance in the terminating state for troubleshoot. 




