1) RDS supports MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, Oracle, MS SQL Server, and Amazon Aurora.

2) Multi-AZ helps when you plan a disaster recovery for an entire AZ going down. 
If you plan against an entire AWS Region going down, you should use backups and replication across AWS Regions.

3)  ElastiCache and RDS Read Replicas do indeed help with scaling reads. 

4) Early results of eventual consistency data queries may not have the most recent updates because it takes time for updates to reach replicas across a database cluster.
Ques: You have set up read replicas on your RDS database, but users are complaining that upon updating their social media posts,
they do not see their updated posts right away. What is a possible cause for this?

Answer: Read replicas have asynchronous replication, eventually consistent.

5) Multi-AZ keeps the same connection string regardless of which database is up.
Read Replicas imply we need to reference them individually in our application as each read replica will have its own DNS name

6) ques- Users have to constantly log back in and you don't want to enable Sticky Sessions on your ALB as you fear it will overload some EC2 instances. What should you do?

Answer- Storing Session Data in ElastiCache is a common pattern to ensuring different EC2 instances can retrieve your user's state if needed.

7) Read Replicas will help as your analytics application can now perform queries against it, and these queries won't impact the main production RDS database.

8) Multi-AZ won't help when a disaster happens at the AWS region level. Multi-AZ helps when a disaster happens at the AZ level.
  Aurora Global Databases allows you to have an Aurora Replica in another AWS Region, with up to 5 secondary regions.
  
9) How can you enhance the security of your ElastiCache Redis Cluster by forcing users to enter a password when they connect?

Use Redis Auth

10) Your company has a production Node.js application that is using RDS MySQL 5.6 as its database. A new application programmed in Java will perform some heavy analytics
workload to create a dashboard on a regular hourly basis. What is the most cost-effective solution you can implement to minimize disruption for the main application?

answer: Create a read replica in a different AZ and run the analytics workload on the replica database.

11) You would like to create a disaster recovery strategy for your RDS PostgreSQL database so that in case of a regional outage the database can be quickly 
made available for both read and write workloads in another AWS Region. The DR database must be highly available. What do you recommend?
 
 create a read replica in a different region and enable multi-az on the read replica.
 
12) You have migrated the MySQL database from on-premises to RDS. You have a lot of applications and developers interacting with your database. Each developer
has an IAM user in the company's AWS account. What is a suitable approach to give access to developers to the MySQL RDS DB instance instead of creating a DB user for each one?

Enable IAM database authentication. 


13) async, sync

14) encrypt an unecrypted RDS DB instance: 
  create a snapshot
  copy and tick enable encryption
  restore
  
15) For your RDS database, you can have up to ............ Read Replicas.
  5
 
16) oracle doesn not support IAM authentication

17) You can not create encrypted Read Replicas from an unencrypted RDS DB instance.

18)An application running in production is using an Aurora Cluster as its database. 
Your development team would like to run a version of the application in a scaled-down application 
with the ability to perform some heavy workload on a need-basis. Most of the time, the application will be unused.
Your CIO has tasked you with helping the team to achieve this while minimizing costs. What do you suggest?

Use Aurora ServerLess

19) How many Aurora Read Replicas can you have in a single Aurora DB Cluster?

  15
  
20) Mysql and prot..

21) You work as a Solutions Architect for a gaming company. One of the games mandates that players are ranked in 
real-time based on their score. Your boss asked you to design then implement an effective and highly available solution to create a gaming leaderboard.
What should you use?

Use ElastiCache for Redis- Sorted Sets.








